docs: add standalone details to NG8001 (#46079)
angular/angular: aio/content/errors/NG8001.md

Use the element name in the error to find the file(s) where the element is being used.

Check that the name and selector are correct.

> Make sure that the component is correctly imported inside your module or standalone component (by checking its presence in the `imports` field), if your component is declared in a module (meaning that it is not standalone) make sure that it is exported correctly from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the component is correctly imported inside your NgModule or standalone Component, by checking its presence in the `imports` field. If the component is declared in an NgModule (meaning that it is not standalone) make sure that it is exported correctly from it, by checking its presence in the `exports` field.
```

Author: @AndrewKushnir I've applied your suggested change, but I just noticed that you capitalized only one instance of "component" but not the others, was that intentional?

(by the way I randomly checked a couple of pages on aio and it seems like component is often kept lowercase)

Reviewer: Yeah, good point, let's lowercase it here as well 👍

Author: updated :slightly_smiling_face:
